
## 2022-02-12

## Big Idea
- There are a bunch of decisions that have to be made
- 1. Where to put notes
  - 1. Microsoft / Teams / OneNote (WYSIWYG)
    2. Gitlab / Wiki (Markdown)
    3. Repo / Docs Directory (Markdown)
    4. Repo / Obsidian Directory (Modified Markdown)
    5. Repo / Code Directory (Markdown) (Place Notes alongside code) (Requires rigor regarding linking/dating of notes)
- 2. Code of Conduct
- 3. Contributing Guidelines
  - Where are the discussions for this?
- 4. Issue Templates
  - What formats to use? What do people find useful?
- 5. Which Platform to use (EvaP or Sakai)
  - Need to ask Jeff Salvage about difficulty of maintaining adapters
- 6. How to Merge Notes
  - Already scattered all over the damn place
  - Need to merge - how?
  - Also bear in mind use of Discord as a "temporary notes platform"
- 7. Required Qualities of Notes
  - What do people find useful/necessary?
  - Ability to simultaneously edit notes online at same time has been very popular recently
  - Thus promoting the use of in-browser microsoft word
  - Also note pattern of only one person taking notes
- 8. Purpose of Repository
  - If direct contributions to EvaP/Sakai are intended, how to go about doing so?

## Using this File and Directory and Editor and Language for Immediate Task Resolution
- File: `2022-02-12.md`
- Directory: `team-blue/notes/`
- Editor: Visual-Studio-Code
- Language: Standard-Markdown

## Immediate Tasks
- [ ] About (README) (Needs Fixes)
- [ ] License (LICENSE) (Needs Non-Code (Content) Section)
- [ ] Code of Conduct (CONDUCT)
- [ ] Contributing Guidelines (CONTRIB)
- [ ] Architecture (ARCH)
- [ ] Changes (CHANGELOG)
- [ ] Security (SECURITY)
- [ ] Issue Templates (.gitlab)
- [ ] Issues (6) (On Tracker) (Assigned) (Deadlined)
- [ ] Issue Tags

## Issue Templates
- What exists?
- What aspects are necessary?
- Kinds of issues?
- [A collection of GitHub issue and pull request templates](https://github.com/stevemao/github-issue-templates)
- [About issue and pull request templates](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/about-issue-and-pull-request-templates)
- [Step-by-Step Guide to Creating Issue Templates in GitLab](https://eelengneo.medium.com/step-by-step-guide-to-creating-issue-templates-in-gitlab-54627a9a9118)
- []()

## Issue Tags
- []()
- []()
- []()

## Issue Management
- Milestones
- Boards
- Due Dates

## Code Contributing Guidelines
- What exists?
- What aspects are necessary?
- []()
- []()
- []()
- []()

